README.md, before:

<p>
<img src="assets/playgb-logo-2x.png?raw=true" width="200">
</p>

## PlayGB

A Game Boy emulator for Playdate. PlayGB is based on [Peanut-GB](https://github.com/deltabeard/Peanut-GB), a header-only C Gameboy emulator by [deltabeard](https://github.com/deltabeard).

## Installing

<a href="https://github.com/nstbayless/PlayGB/releases/latest"><img src="assets/playdate-badge-download.png?raw=true" width="200"></a>

- Download the zip from the [latest release](https://github.com/nstbayless/PlayGB/releases/latest).
- Copy the pdx through the [Web sideload](https://play.date/account/sideload/) or USB.
- Launch the app.
- Connect Playdate to a computer, press and hold `LEFT` + `MENU` + `LOCK` at the same time in the home screen. Or go to Settings > System > Reboot to Data Disk.
- Place the ROMs in the app data folder, the folder name depends on the sideload method.
  - For Web sideload: `/Data/user.*.app.crankboy/games/`
  - For USB: `/Data/app.crankboy/games/`
- Filenames must end with `.gb` or `.gbc`

## Notes

- Use the crank to press Start or Select.
- To save a game you have to use the save option inside that game. A sav file is automatically created when changing ROMs or quitting the app. After a crash, a new `(recovery).sav` file is created. Save files are stored in `/Data/*.crankboy/saves/`
- Audio is disabled by default. You can optionally enable it from the library screen

## Implementation

PlayGB uses a slightly modified version of Peanut-GB which supports partial screen update.

Commit message:

changes to README.MD
link to correct repo and nightly

Signed-off-by: Toni Förster <toni.foerster@icloud.com>

README.md, after:

<p>
<img src="assets/playgb-logo-2x.png?raw=true" width="200">
</p>

## CrankBoy

A Game Boy emulator for Playdate. CrankBoy is a fork of [PlayGB](https://github.com/risolvipro/PlayGB)
and based on [Peanut-GB](https://github.com/deltabeard/Peanut-GB), a header-only C Gameboy emulator by
[deltabeard](https://github.com/deltabeard).

## Installing

<a href="https://github.com/CrankBoyHQ/crankboy-app/releases/latest"><img src="assets/playdate-badge-download.png?raw=true" width="200"></a>

- Download the zip for the [latest release](https://github.com/CrankBoyHQ/crankboy-app/releases/latest),
  or the [latest unstable nightly build](https://github.com/CrankBoyHQ/crankboy-app/actions/workflows/nightly.yml).
- Copy the pdx through the [Web sideload](https://play.date/account/sideload/) or USB.
- Launch the app.
- Connect Playdate to a computer, press and hold `LEFT` + `MENU` + `LOCK` at the same time in the home
  screen. Or go to Settings > System > Reboot to Data Disk.
- Place the ROMs in the app data folder, the folder name depends on the sideload method.
  - For Web sideload: `/Data/user.*.app.crankboy/games/`
  - For USB: `/Data/app.crankboy/games/`
- Filenames must end with `.gb` or `.gbc`

## Notes

- Use the crank to press Start or Select.
- To save a game you have to use the save option inside that game. A save file is automatically
  created when changing ROMs or quitting the app. After a crash, a new `(recovery).sav` file is
  created. Save files are stored in `/Data/*.crankboy/saves/`
- Audio is disabled by default. You can optionally enable it from the library screen

## Implementation

CrankBoy uses a modified version of Peanut-GB.
